Introduction============*PyAccessPoint* is a package to create a wifi access point on linux. Itdepends on *hostapd* for AP provisioning and *dnsmasq* to assign IP addresses to devices.Dependencies============So, there 2 types of dependencies. System dependencies:    - dnsmasq    - hostapd     - python3Python dependencies    - wireless    - netifaces    - psutilYou can not install python dependencies manually, they will be installed while installing the package. If you want to do it manually, just type (or copy, it's better way :D)::    sudo apt install python3-dev python3-pip && sudo pip3 install wireless netifaces psutilInstallation============Easy way by using pip::    sudo apt update && sudo apt --yes --force-yes install dnsmasq hostapd python3-dev python3-pip && sudo pip3 install pyaccesspointHard way1. Install system dependencies   ::       sudo apt update && sudo apt --yes --force-yes install dnsmasq hostapd python3-dev unzip python3-pip2. Download latest package   ::       cd ~ && wget --output-document=pyaccesspoint-master.zip https://github.com/Goblenus/pyaccesspoint/archive/master.zip3. Unpack downloaded package   ::       unzip pyaccesspoint-master.zip && cd pyaccesspoint-master4. Install it   ::       sudo python3 setup.py install5. Remove files   ::       cd ~ && sudo rm -rf pyaccesspoint-master.zip pyaccesspoint-masterThat is all. Now you can use PyAccessPoint.One line install:::    sudo apt update && sudo apt --yes --force-yes install dnsmasq hostapd python3-dev unzip python3-pip && cd ~ && wget --output-document=pyaccesspoint-master.zip https://github.com/Goblenus/pyaccesspoint/archive/master.zip && unzip pyaccesspoint-master.zip && cd pyaccesspoint-master && sudo python3 setup.py install && cd ~ && sudo rm -rf pyaccesspoint-master.zip pyaccesspoint-masterUsage=====You can use it as standalone command line utility:To start::    sudo pyaccesspoint startIt will create hotspot named "MyAccessPoint" on wlan0 with "1234567890" password.All arguments you may obtain by typing:::    pyaccesspoint --helpTo stop::    sudo pyaccesspoint stopYou can configure and save config file. This will save you time at them next start::    sudo pyaccesspoint configureYou config file file will be placed at /etc/accesspoint/accesspoint.json. To start it with config file just type:::    sudo pyaccesspoint --config startCode usage============1. Import   ::       from PyAccessPoint import pyaccesspoint2. Create AccessPoint class   ::        access_point = pyaccesspoint.AccessPoint()3. Start it   ::        access_point.start()4. Stop it   ::        access_point.stop()To check is accesspoint started use is_running   ::        access_point.is_running()You can change accesspoint parameters while creating AccessPoint classClass parameters:    - **wlan** - wlan interface    - **inet** - wlan forward to interface (use None to off forwarding)    - **ip** - just ip of your accesspoint wlan interface    - **netmask** - so... -> (`wiki link <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Subnetwork>`_)    - **ssid** - name of your accesspoint    - **password** - password of your accesspointTested======-  OrangePi Plus with Armbian 5.23Note====This project is python3 compatible only, python2 is not tested at all.Idea====This project is fork of https://github.com/prahladyeri/hotspotd (Prahlad Yeri - prahladyeri@yahoo.com)